#summary How to download and build jME3
#labels Featured

== Check out jME3 from SVN using _NetBeans IDE 6.5_ ==

  # Go to "Versioning" -> "Check out.."
  # Enter "http://jmonkeyengine.googlecode.com/svn" for Repository URL.
  # Click "Next"
  # Click "Browse..." to the right of "Repository Folder(s)".
  # In the new window, open "branches" tree, and select "mf_jme3test"
  # Under "Local Folder" specify the folder where you want the jME3 project.
  # Click "Finish"

== Check out jME3 from SVN using NetBeansIDE 6.7 ==

  # Go to Team -> Subversion -> Checkout
  # Enter http://jmonkeyengine.googlecode.com/svn for Repository URL, leave username and password blank.
  # Click Next
  # Click Browse... to the right of "Repository Folder(s).
  # In the new window, open branches tree, and select mf_jme3test
  # Under Local Folder specify the folder where you want the jME3 project.
  # Click Finish
  # Open project when it finished transferring.
  # Right-click on your main project folder and go to Properties
  # Click Libraries on the left side of the window, then Add JAR/Folder on the right side.
  # Add the following 5 jar files from the mf_jme3test project's lib folders, where {{{<FP>}}} should be replaced with the full path to the mf_jme3test folder:
   * FP\mf_jme3test\lib\jogl\gluegen-rt.jar
   * FP\mf_jme3test\lib\jogl\jogl.jar
   * FP\mf_jme3test\lib\lwjgl\jME3-natives2.2.jar
   * FP\mf_jme3test\lib\lwjgl\2.2_jar\jinput.jar
   * FP\mf_jme3test\lib\lwjgl\2.2_jar\lwjgl.jar 
  # Click ok.
  # Browse to the src/g3dtest folder and run TestDebugShapes?.java
  # If it worked, you're in! Check out some of the other nice test apps...

== Check out jME3 from SVN using NetBeansIDE 6.8 ==

  # Go to Team -> Subversion -> Checkout 
  # Enter http://jmonkeyengine.googlecode.com/svn for Repository URL, leave username and password blank. 
  # Click Next 
  # Click Browse... to the right of "Repository Folder(s). 
  # In the new window, open branches tree, and select mf_jme3test 
  # Under Local Folder specify the folder where you want the jME3 project. 
  # Click Finish 
  # Open project when it finished transferring.
  # Go to http://www.7-zip.org/sdk.html
  # Download the lzma SDK, extract it in [any]\zma907
  # In netbeans, file -> new project -> java project with existing sources, click next
  # Project name "SevenZip" -> next
  # Source Package Folders: -> add folder, select [any]\zma907\java
  # In netbeans, Projects Tab, right click on the jme3 project, press "resolve reference problems" and use the "SevenZip" of step 12 project as the missing reference.
  # Clean and build the JME3 project
  # Browse to the src/g3dtest folder and run TestDebugShapes.java 